I'm going to read you some poems today
in honor of Valentine's Day what why
what do you mean it was yesterday what's
today okay so this is a belated
Valentine's Day video so dare here I go
am roses are red and so is my face cuz
it's been a while they've been in this
place roses are red violets are blue I
may be crazy but I'm senior than you
roses are red violets are blue a face
like yours beyond can you too roses are
red pickles are green when I see her
face I want to scream roses are red
white is the snow but before it is
summer it'll all have to go roses are
red violets are purple sugar is sweet so
it's maple syrup Oh maple but it's not
called maple circle who wrote that poem
roses are red buttercups are yellow I'm
so happy to bring back of marshmallow
yeah
like marshmallows roses are red this
steak is too if it was any rarer I think
it would move roses are red and so are
you I think because I said I love you
roses are red violets are blue some
poems rhyme and others don't roses are
red dead once turned black common sense
I sometimes laugh roses are red some
socks are black if you're feeling hungry
I can fix you up man roses are red
violets are blue but these everyday
things still compared to you roses are
red violets are purple dandelions are
yellow lilies are white this poem
doesn't rhyme but it needs accurate
roses are red violets are blue I'm going
away now so I made you add you
little better than their denunciation
roses are red violets are blue